fix(UzfCellGroup): SQUARE_GWET option records ET as inflow instead of outflow (#1951)
MODFLOW-USGS/modflow6: doc/ReleaseNotes/develop.tex

		\item An array out of bounds error for Z-displacement output in inactive cells has been fixed in the CSUB package. Depending on the combination of platform and compiler used to build the program, this could result in crashes.
		\item Initialize a few uninitialized variables in the CSUB package. Depending on the combination of platform and compiler used to build the program, this could result in different program behaviour.
		\item Add a warning if saving convergence data for the CSUB package when delay beds are not included in a simulation. Also modified the convergence output data so that it is clear that DVMAX and DSTORAGEMAX data and locations are not calculated in this case (by writing `-\,-' to the output file). 

>         \item The wrong sign convention was being applied to GWET when the SQUARE\_GWET option was invoked in the UZF options block.  As a result, GWET was showing up as an inflow in the water budget.  The applied fix ensures that GWET is negative and as a result the GWET values are accumulated as outflows in the budget table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        \item The wrong sign convention was being applied to GWET in the budget table when the SQUARE\_GWET option was invoked in the UZF options block.  As a result, GWET was reported as an inflow in the water budget even though it was a sink in the balance equation for a UZF cell.  The applied fix ensures that GWET is negative and as a result the GWET values are accumulated as outflows in the budget table.
```

Author: Accepted conversation

		\item The Stress Package Concentration (SPC) utility available with the SSM Package is now the referred to as the Stress Package Component utility in the MF6IO guide.  Additionally, some relatively minor refactoring of the code facilitates use of the SPC utility with the GWE model type so that TEMPERATURE arrays may be read by the utility.  The SPC acronym was maintained to preserve backward compatibility.
		\item The GWF-GWF Exchange has been fixed to support the configuration of the Mover package (MVR) also in cases where the number of exchanges equals zero (NEXG = 0). In earlier versions this has caused MODFLOW to terminate with an error.
		\item A PRT bug was fixed in which array-based input read from the RCH (recharge) or EVT (evapotranspiration) packages could fail to be processed correctly by the PRT FMI (flow model interface) package, causing a crash.

> 		\item The wrong sign convention was being applied to GWET when the SQUARE\_GWET option was invoked in the UZF options block.  As a result, the calculated GWET was being added to the water table.  Additionally, GWET was being reported as an inflow in the water budget even though it doesn't make physically sense.  The applied fix ensures that GWET is removed from the water table and as a result the GWET values are accumulated as outflows in the budget table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item When the SQUARE\_GWET option was invoked in the UZF options block, evapotranspiration from the water table (GWET) was calculated incorrectly.  Instead of acting as a sink, the calculated evapotranspiration flux was added as a source of water.  The applied fix ensures that groundwater evapotranspiration is removed from the water table and as a result the GWET values are accumulated as outflows in the budget table.
```
